ETERNAL SONATA

SET BY ANDERSON WANG AND JASPER LEE

PACKET 1

1. Name the game.

ANSWER: __GRAND THEFT AUTO V__ [or __GTA V__; accept __GRAND THEFT AUTO
ONLINE__]

2. Name the game.

ANSWER: __SONIC THE HEDGEHOG 3__ [accept __SONIC 3__, prompt on “Sonic
and Knuckles”, do not accept or prompt on other answers]

3. Name the game genre.

ANSWER: _SHMUP_ or _SHOOT ‘EM UP_ [accept horizontally or vertically
_SCROLLING SHOOTER_; prompt on just “shooter”]

4. Name the game.

ANSWER: __SHADOW OF THE COLOSSUS__

5. Name the game.

ANSWER: __STAR FOX 64__ [accept __LYLAT WARS__, do not accept or prompt
on partial answers]

6. Name the series.

ANSWER: __MORTAL KOMBAT__

7. Name the series.

ANSWER: _The _ELDER SCROLLS__ [accept answers that mention
__DAGGERFALL__, __MORROWIND__, __OBLIVION__, or __SKYRIM__]

8. Name the home country of the performers of these tracks.

ANSWER: _ENGLAND_ [accept _U_nited _K_ingdom, Great _BRITAIN_, etc.
etc.]

9. Name the series.

ANSWER: __BORDERLANDS__

10. Name the original game that provides the setting for the following
games.

ANSWER: __DUNGEONS & DRAGONS__ [or __DND__; accept basically anything
that includes it such as __ADVANCED DUNGEONS & DRAGONS__ or __DUNGEONS &
DRAGONS 3RD EDITION__]

11. Name the game these songs were written about.

ANSWER: __LEAGUE OF LEGENDS__

12. Name the game.

ANSWER: __JOURNEY__

13. Name the kind of location where you would hear these clips.

ANSWER: _COURT_rooms or _TRIAL_s [accept _WITCH TRIAL_s; accept
equivalents; prompt on “schools” or equivalent]

14. Name the series. NOTE: One clip here consists of in-game dialogue,
and the name of a main character has been censored in this clip.

ANSWER: __JAK AND DAXTER__ [accept __JAK__]

15. Name the game.

ANSWER: __FAXANADU__

16. Name the composer.

ANSWER: Nobuo _UEMATSU_ [accept names in either order]

17. Name the game genre.

ANSWER: _T_ower _D_efense [accept any answer that contains the words
_TOWER DEFENSE_; prompt on “first person shooter”]

18. Name the series.

ANSWER: __NINJA GAIDEN__

19. Name the non-human animal associated with these clips.

ANSWER: _RABBIT_s [or _BUNNIES_ or _HARE_s or equivalent]

20. Name the series.

ANSWER: __ECCO__ _the Dolphin_

PACKET 2

1. Name the series.

ANSWER: __GRADIUS__ [prompt on “Life Force”, “Salamander”, or “Nemesis”]

2. Name the game.

ANSWER: _The _STANLEY PARABLE__

3. Name the game.

ANSWER: __DOOM__ [or _Ultimate _DOOM__]

4. Name the type of landform found in the names of the locations where
these tracks play. We're looking for an answer such as "peninsula" or
"oxbow lake."

ANSWER: _VALLEY_s [accept specific locations such as Manji _VALLEY_,
_VALLEY_ of Repose, Vegetable _VALLEY_, _VALLEY_ of Avalar, Celestial
_VALLEY_, Teehee _VALLEY_, or Gerudo _VALLEY_]

5. Name the game.

ANSWER: _Logical Journey of the _ZOOMBINIS__

6. Name the series.

ANSWER: __ROLLERCOASTER TYCOON__

7. Name the developer.

ANSWER: _PLATINUM_Games

8. Name the composer.

ANSWER: Grant _KIRKHOPE_

9. Name the game.

ANSWER: __METROID PRIME__

10. Name the type of activity associated with these games.

ANSWER: _RACING_ [accept specific types like kart _RACING_ or car
_RACING_; prompt on "driving"; prompt on "jetskiing"]

11. Name the game.

ANSWER: __BIOSHOCK INFINITE__ [do not accept or prompt on partial
answer]

12. Name the civilization associated with these clips.

ANSWER: Ancient _GREECE_

13. Name the game.

ANSWER: __TETRIS__ (for the Game Boy)

14. Name the game.

ANSWER: __BRAID__

15. Name the type of location where you would hear these tracks.

ANSWER: _FOREST_s [or _WOODS_; do not accept "jungle"]

16. Name the console that these games were all originally made for.

ANSWER: Sega _DREAMCAST_

17. Name the series.

ANSWER: __DONKEY KONG COUNTRY__ [prompt on “Donkey Kong”; accept
__DONKEY KONG LAND__]

18. Name the game.

ANSWER: __UNDERTALE__

19. Name the game.

ANSWER: __PARAPPA THE RAPPER__

20. Name the protagonist of these games.

ANSWER: _BATMAN_ [or Bruce _WAYNE_; or the _DARK KNIGHT_]

PACKET 3

1. Name the sport.

ANSWER: _BOXING_

2. Name the game genre.

ANSWER: _PUZZLE_s [prompt on “mobile games” or equivalent]

3. Name the series.

ANSWER: __POKÉMON__

4. Name the game.

ANSWER: __BATTLETOADS__

5. Name the series.

ANSWER: __GOLDEN SUN__

6. Name the kind of animal.

ANSWER: _CHOCOBO_s [accept more specific answers like _BLACK CHOCOBO_]

7. Name the developing company.

ANSWER: _VALVE_ Corporation

8. Name the city where you would hear these clips.

ANSWER: _HONG KONG_ [prompt on “Wan Chai”; prompt on “Kowloon (City)”]

9. Name the game.

ANSWER: __DUCKTALES__

10. Name the game these tracks first appeared in.

ANSWER: __FALLOUT 3__

11. Name the game.

ANSWER: __MINECRAFT__

12. Name the developing company.

ANSWER: _BLIZZARD_ Entertainment [accept _SILICON & SYNAPSE_]

13. Name the composer.

ANSWER: Jake _KAUFMAN_ [accept _VIRT_]

14. Name the game.

ANSWER: __SUPER MARIO BROS. 3__ [accept __MARIO 3__, __MARIO BROS. 3__,
or __SUPER MARIO ADVANCE 4__; do not accept or prompt on any other
answer]

15. Name the type of creature featured in these games.

ANSWER: _ZOMBIE_s

16. Name the game.

ANSWER: __BANJO-KAZOOIE__

17. Name the game.

ANSWER: __BIONIC COMMANDO__ [accept __HITLER’S REVIVAL: Top Secret__
though no one will say that]

18. Name the character.

ANSWER: _RYU_

19. Name the game.

ANSWER: _The _WITCHER 3_: Wild Hunt_

20. Name the series.

ANSWER: __TOUHOU__ _Project_

PACKET 4

1. Name the series.

ANSWER: __ASSASSIN'S CREED__

2. Name the series.

ANSWER: __Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles__

3. Name the game.

ANSWER: __TALES OF SYMPHONIA__

4. Name the console that these games were all originally made for.

ANSWER: Philips _CD-I_

5. Name the last word in the titles of these games.

ANSWER: _GO_

6. Name the situation when these clips play.

ANSWER: _GAME OVER_ screen [prompt on "continue screen;" prompt on
answers describing "death" or word forms that don't include what's
underlined]

7. Name the specific time period associated with these clips
(description acceptable).

ANSWER: _PREHISTORY_ [accept _65 MILLION BC_; accept the _EARLIEST_ time
in __CHRONO TRIGGER__ or equivalents; prompt on just “the past” or “the
time with dinosaurs”]

8. Name the composer.

ANSWER: Koji _KONDO_ [accept names in either order]

9. Name the game.

ANSWER: __VVVVVV__ [accept anything involving the letter _V_ basically]

10. Name the developing company.

ANSWER: _BUNGIE_, Inc.

11. Name the home country of the developers of these games.

ANSWER: _JAPAN_

12. Name the game.

ANSWER: _The Legend of Zelda: _MAJORA'S MASK__

13. Name the game.

ANSWER: __SUPER MARIO GALAXY__

14. Name the kind of location where you would hear these clips.

ANSWER: _OPERA HOUSE_s

15. Name the game.

ANSWER: __OKAMI__

16. Name the species associated with these clips.

ANSWER: _TERRAN_s [or _HUMAN_s; or equivalents]

17. Name the game.

ANSWER: __NIGHTS INTO DREAMS…__ [prompt on “Nights”, do not accept
“Nights: Journey of Dreams”]

18. Name the series.

ANSWER: __CASTLEVANIA__

19. Name the series.

ANSWER: __Dance Dance Revolution__ [accept __STEPMANIA__]

20. Name the city in which these tracks play.

ANSWER: The _CITADEL_ (from the Mass Effect series) [if someone answers
"Presidium," "Wards," or "Shepard's Apartment," reverse prompt by asking
them where those are located]

PACKET 5

1. Name the home country of the composers of these tracks.

ANSWER: _FRANCE_

2. Name the game.

ANSWER: __World Of Warcraft__ [accept expansions like _World of
Warcraft: The _BURNING CRUSADE__; do not accept or prompt on just
“Warcraft”]

3. Name the common substance in the titles of these games.

ANSWER: _RAIN_

4. Name the series.

ANSWER: __DIG DUG__

5. Name the composer.

ANSWER: Kazumi _TOTAKA_ [accept names in either order]

6. Name the game.

ANSWER: __PORTAL 2__ [do not accept or prompt on partial answer]

7. Name the game.

ANSWER: __METAL GEAR SOLID__ [or __METAL GEAR SOLID: TWIN SNAKES__; do
not accept or prompt on partial answers]

8. Name the album (description acceptable).

ANSWER: __VOICES OF THE LIFESTREAM__ [accept the _OCREMIX_ tribute album
for __FINAL FANTASY VII__; accept _OCR_ or _OVERCLOCKED REMIX_ in place
of OCRemix; prompt on answers that mention _Final Fantasy VII_ and some
notion of _remix_ing but not OCRemix specifically; obviously do not
accept just “Final Fantasy VII soundtrack”]

9. Name the game genre.

ANSWER: collectible _CARD_ games [accept _CCG_s, prompt on “strategy”]

10. Name the game.

ANSWER: __KATAMARI DAMACY__

11. Name the kind of location where you would hear these clips.

ANSWER: _TOWER_s [accept more specific answers like _BATTLE TOWER_;
prompt on “cemetery” or equivalent]

12. Name the game.

ANSWER: __HOTLINE MIAMI__

13. Name the game.

ANSWER: __KIRBY SUPER STAR__ [accept __KIRBY SUPER STAR ULTRA__; accept
__KIRBY’S FUN PAK__ apparently]

14. Name the game.

ANSWER: __SILENT HILL 2__ [do not accept or prompt on partial answers]

15. Name the series.

ANSWER: _Professor _LAYTON__

16. Name the game.

ANSWER: __BRAVELY DEFAULT__

17. Name the game.

ANSWER: __MEGA MAN 2__ [or __ROCKMAN 2__, do not accept or prompt on
partial answers]

18. Name the character associated with these tracks.

ANSWER: _VERGIL_ [or _NELO ANGELO_; or _NERO ANGELO_; do not accept
"Nero"]

19. Name the game. NOTE: One of the clips is taken from a “making of”
video.

ANSWER: __RED DEAD REDEMPTION__ [do not accept or prompt on partial
answers]

20. Name the game.

ANSWER: __SUPER SMASH BROS.__ [accept __SUPER SMASH BROTHERS__, accept
__SMASH 64__, prompt on partial answer, don’t accept any answer with
“Melee” or “Brawl” in it]

TIEBREAKERS

1. Name the game.

ANSWER: _Star Wars: _KNIGHTS OF THE OLD REPUBLIC__ [or _KOTOR_; prompt
on "Star Wars"]

2. Name the kind of building where you would hear the following.

ANSWER: _POKÉMON LAB_oratories [accept any answer that mentions both
_POKÉMON_ and some sort of _RESEARCH BUILDING_; prompt on partial
answer; accept more specific answers indicating the owner of the lab
such as Professor _OAK’S LAB_oratory]

3. Name the type of setting for these games.

ANSWER: haunted _MANSION_s [prompt on "houses"]
